A couple of notes: I think I set the capacity to 100MB (DRIVE_CAPACITY_BYTES).
There is only one device available. The major number is hard-coded to 60 
(MODULE_MAJOR). I built it on Arch Linux with kernel version 3.12-1.

There were two parts that were very difficult: updating the function calls used,
and adding things that weren't necessary back in version 2.6.whatever.

Reading that LDD chapter and reading through their sbull driver code helped me
understand (in general terms) how the block driver interface worked, so I put
something together that looked reasonable. I removed the module parameters and
only allowed one disk to be made just to simplify things.

I worked on updating the function calls long enough ago that I don't remember 
the details (which functions I had to change), but I solved those problems using
a kernel symbol lookup website (lxr.free-electrons.com) and the 2.6 update list 
on lwn.net.

When it came time to test the driver, I got a variety of errors. First off, I 
wasn't getting any output in dmesg. It turned out that I forgot to use the 
module_init and module_exit macros. Then I was getting a warning from add_disk 
in uwtrd_device_init- I think that was a problem with the size of the device and
how I was dealing out minor numbers.

I was getting another error message in dmesg. I don't remember what it was, but 
I was looking at some existing driver code, and noticed a call to 
blk_register_region. I googled around and found lwn.net/Articles/25711/.
I added that into my driver to see if it would fix anything, and it did.

The next problem was with my actual read/write code. In dmesg, I'd see a debug
message that uwtrd_transfer had started, and I would get nothing after that. 
Turns out my uwtrd_request function was doing weird things that ultimately were
rooted in a lack of understanding of bios. So I looked in the next section of 
that article series (lwn.net/Articles/26404/), which explained bios perfectly,
and I fixed that.

To test it, I used fdisk to make a partition table and a new partition. I made a
new entry in /dev for the partition, and made an ext4 filesystem on it. I 
mounted it, made files on it, unmounted it, remounted it, and they were all 
still there.

